Clarify 5b5f (#69)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-guidelines.md

- 5b5f+) [EXAMPLE] There is a [Visual Guide](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15XszaCGNvy3Dk6X6qERzZWZaDH1RH04z/view) available for [Regulation 5b5f](regulations:regulation:5b5f).
- 5b5f++) [EXAMPLE] A 4x4x4 Cube edge "wing" twisted on its spot is considered solved.
- 5b5f+++) [EXAMPLE] A corner affected by a corner twist is considered to be placed in a valid position, but such position does not render the piece solved.

> - 5b5f++++) [CLARIFICATION] If there are multiple pieces partially detached or not fully placed, their final position is assesed one at a time. The piece that is closest to a valid spot is considered to take such spot, so that it is not available to other pieces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 5b5f++++) [CLARIFICATION] If there are multiple pieces partially detached or not fully placed, their final position is assessed one at a time. The piece that is closest to an open spot is considered first, followed by the next closest to an open spot. Once a spot is considered to be occupied by a piece, no other pieces may take that spot.
```
This is very tricky to explain. I like my suggestion a little bit more, but I think it's more confusing than anything

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 5b5f++++) [CLARIFICATION] If there are multiple pieces partially detached or not fully placed, their final position is assessed one at a time. The piece that is closest to an open position is assessed first, and is then considered to occupy that position. This process is repeated until all partially detached or not fully placed pieces have been assessed.
```
Another suggestion, this actually has a slightly different meaning from Carter's suggestion. I'd also like to see spot/place/position used consistently (and I'm not a fan of spot).

Reviewer: I like Hex's suggestion :) @Nanush7 feel free to Commit if you agree
